these are dangerous places to be at the
bottom of the food chain
unable to run nor ananka's relies on
brute strength
tyrannosaurs are predators that will eat
anything even one of their own
whether they've killed it or not and a
discovery found in Montana of a number
of meat-eating dinosaurs appear to show
that being such an unlucky
could have dramatic consequences it
seems scavenging can hold hidden dangers
this Tyrannosaur wasn't killed by
Northland acres there's a more deadly
killer at work here
all the Predators bones were found
alongside the edge of an ancient
stagnant lake and all of them died at
the same time similar mass killings have
been found today among births and the
killer a fast-acting naturally-occurring
deadly disease botulism botulism is
caused by bacteria that can thrive in
rotting carcasses we think that the
dinosaurs too might have been victims of
this lethal and invisible killer once a
carcass is poisoned it is quickly passed
on to any animal that eats it with
lethal results but plant eaters like
Nora nitrous are usually safe from such
deadly killers by completely changing
its diet
Nora nycos shows the extraordinary
adaptability of the group known as the
theropod dinosaurs